---
id: 78
title: June 2008 Releases
date: 2008-05-28T07:00:00-07:00
author: joshg253
layout: post
guid: https://gundersons.us/josh/?p=78
permalink: /2008/05/28/june-2008-releases/
tc-thumb-fld:
  - 'a:2:{s:9:"_thumb_id";b:0;s:11:"_thumb_type";s:10:"attachment";}'
categories:
  - releases
tags:
  - Atmosphere
  - Blu-ray
  - CDs
  - Disturbed
  - DJ Green Lantern
  - Immortal Technique
  - John 5
  - movies
  - music
  - Opeth
  - RZA
  - The Offspring
  - Trent Reznor
  - Wu-Tang Clan
---
New Blu-ray, CD, DVD, and PS3 releases for the month of June that seem interesting to me for one or more reasons.

<h1>June 3</h1>

<h3>Blu-ray</h3>

<ul>
<strong>Semi-Pro</strong>: Let's Get Sweaty Edition
</ul>

<h3>CDs</h3>

<ul>
<strong>Disturbed</strong> - <em>Indestructable</em>
<ul><li>I didn't care for their last album very much. I'll still give this one a listen.</li></ul>
<ul><li>05/28: Meh. Better than their last one I guess. Seems like it should be a soundtrack to a video game starring the guy on the cover of the album.</li></ul>
<strong>John 5</strong> - <em>Requiem</em>
<ul><li>The guy is a pretty badass guitarist. I'll check this out.</li></ul>
<ul><li>05/28: It rocks pretty good, but then again I play guitar so I enjoy an instrumental album heavily based around the guitarist on occasion. Sounds to me like some riffs/solos are inspired by Petrucci, Tool, Cantrell, and others.</li></ul>
<strong>Opeth</strong> - <em>Watershed</em>
<ul><li>05/28: It's certainly Opeth and they come again with their great blend of singing vs. death metal vocals. Great guitar work. Good stuff.</li></ul>
</ul>

<h1>June 10</h1>

<h3>Blu-ray</h3>

<ul>
<strong>Natural Born Killers</strong>
</ul>

<h1>June 17</h1>

<h3>CDs</h3>

<ul>
<strong>The Offspring</strong> - <em>Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace</em>
<ul><li>Some of it rocks and there's some interesting lyrical content: "I don't know too much, but I know this: Shit is fucked up!", but overall, pretty meh.</li></ul>
</ul>

<h1>June 24</h1>

<h3>CDs</h3>

<ul>
<strong>Atmosphere</strong> - <em>Sad Clown Bad Spring 12</em>
<ul><li>You should have already pre-ordered this.</li></ul>
<strong>Immortal Technique</strong> - <em>The 3rd World</em>
<ul><li>First solo album in years. DJ Green Lantern on production. I'll definitely check this out.</li>
    <li>06/18: Just got it. I'll listen to it tomorrow.</li>
    <li>06/19: I'm not black enough nor oppressed enough to enjoy this album.</li></ul>
<strong>RZA as Bobby Digital</strong> - <em>Digi Snax</em>
<ul><li>New B-O-B-B-Y-D-I-G-I-T-A-L. Dope! I can't wait to hear this</li>
    <li>06/18: Got it the other day. I've only listened to it once so far and it's nothing special as far as I can tell.</li>
    <li>06/19: I listened to it again and it's not bad, it's definitely RZA, I'm not sure if I want to pick it up yet or not though.</li></ul>
</ul>

_josh